Who are you kid
It's a good thing to dare to change my father
I'm the one who crippled your son
And the one who's about to send you on your way
It's just you!
My name, Li Tianba, is not to be scared out
Since your kid came to your door today
Then don't blame me
Come on, those watchdogs outside of you
Won't call
It seems that you still have some tricks
Then I can only do it myself today
It is also your honor to die at the hands of Lao Tzu
Dragon Yin Yang
How could you
Dragon False
What about ancestral inheritance?
Are you a unicorn?
That's right
Who ordered you to harm my mother back then?
Don't kill me. I'll tell you everything. Okay
I won't kill you.
It is said to be the holy monk medicine king Zhao Yunlong
It is the treasure they bequeathed to your Xu family back then
I just chased down Mrs. Xu
Pharmacy Zhao Family
Hongkou now you can die no no no
Didn't you say you didn't do it?
I said I wouldn't do it
But I can move my feet ah no no no
I know the whereabouts of such a fairy peach
Pardon me?